Franco Mayer                                                                              Front End Dev

CONTACT            Phone: +54 9 351 78830756                   Location: Villa Cabrera, Córdoba, Arg.
                   Email: francomayer96@outlook.com            Portfolio: Ver en Vercel

                                                Linkedin: /franmayer
                                                Github: /Franmayer


TECHNICAL SKILLS   Programming Languages:
                      Intermediate: HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES6+), SASS
                      Basic: PHP, MySQL
                    Frameworks and Tools:
                       Bootstrap 5, Milligram.js, Vite, VSC

                   Additional Skills:
                      Responsive Design
                      UX/UI Optimization
                      Git and Version Control



PROFESSIONAL       Front end developer (Freelance - autoemployee) | Jul 2024 - Dec 2024
EXPERIENCE         Freelance

                      Designed and optimized functional websites for diverse clients.
                      Performed continuous maintenance and improvements to ensure proper functionality.
                      Ensured responsive designs for seamless functionality across devices.
                      Implemented updates based on user feedback to improve performance and usability.

                   Front end developer | Dec 2023 - Jul 2024
                   SCRT Group LLC

                      Implemented animations and significant modifications in company projects
                      Actively contributed to the development and enhancement of functionalities.
                      Assisted in debugging and troubleshooting front-end issues.
                      Participated in code reviews and provided feedback to improve code quality.

                   Front end developer | Jan 2022 - Dec 2023
                   Hub Marketing Agency

                      I was in charge of creating and optimizing visually attractive and functional websites.
                      I developed and maintained websites, created landing pages optimized for conversions and
                      improved user experience (UX/UI).


KEY PROJECTS       Landing Page for Creative Agency

                      Built with HTML5, Sass, and Bootstrap.
                      Responsive design and performance optimization.
                      Link demo: Ver en Github

                    Portfolio Portfolio for graphic designer and architect
                     Built with HTML5, Sass, and Bootstrap.
                     Responsive design and performance optimization.
                        Link demo: Ver demo
